I
Not passivate us most idiots moves as well as Saito she's block
At some point without me realizing it easy key became this matches centerpiece I
Won't let him gobble everything up
That last plays proof that blue locks core is it ain't
We were only able to score just then because it ain't acts as a lightning rod on the field
He draws so much attention that I'm able to move freely to a new challenge
We only made that goal because everything went perfectly
I doubt we could recreate those circumstances if we try to fool ourselves into thinking we could do it again. It'll be game over
But we need to replicate isn't the shot itself, but the trance chain phenomenon that made it possible
Everyone involved had to overcome their own challenge and the interplay of that resulted in a goal
It's easier said than done, but if we can pull it off we can win
Damnit
No matter what I'll score the next goal
I'll surpass myself
I'll devour a Siki. I'll devour her in
Become the main star
I'm totally buzzing with excitement. Let's win this
Alright
Force an opening. Uh-huh. We got this
15 minutes left
That's plenty of time
It's starting to heat up over there, huh makes me want to crush them even more
Let me get off again genius
Devil go fly
This has been a scorching hot back-and-forth slugfest between Japan's u-20s and the blue lock 11
We're now entering the final phase of the game
This will determine the match
It's now 0-1, 1-2 hell pass
I heavily imagine the other players, including myself, outartmental kick in
Also the third formers, A Nova's
Her self call to one's mind is a success
husbands Clark
Personal profile
por liebe
Thank you.
Damn it.
Damn you!
Just how far ahead of me are you?
Back then, we used to play shoulder to shoulder.
We had a real connection with each other.
But like you always do,
you're leaving me behind again.
It's a familiar feeling.
Like I'm slowly drowning in my mediocre life.
Damn it.
I'm sick and tired of this.
Being part of this lukewarm tragedy.
Be gone already.
I crushed that past long ago.
I don't need it.
I'm gonna change during this match.
We're brothers.
The same blood flows in our veins.
If he can do it, then that means so can I.
I synchronize with him.
If I were Sai Itoshi,
how would I destroy Blue Lock?
Yukimiya, cover him!
Yeah, on it.
Natural-born dribblers
are active and have their own style.
His dribbling, on the other hand, is passive.
He relies on reading his opponent's movements
and finds exactly where they're at their weakest.
It's counter-dribbling that evades
and flows through defenders.
Nice one, genius!
Everyone, press!
Before I started playing soccer myself,
I loved watching it.
Even then, he had the same philosophy.
Using his game sense to quickly shrug off his opponents
with minimal fuss
and then calculating the optimal play to score.
The true essence of Sai Itoshi's soccer
lies in beautiful destruction.
You've gotta be kidding me.
Is he trying to score by himself?
He's looking for an answer to a problem
no one's been able to solve.
That's why he wanted an egoist to defy all logic.
That's the reason he chose Shido over me.
He wanted to nurture the talent of that uncontrollable devil.
His goal is to mold him while becoming
the best midfielder the world's ever seen.
Where is it?
What would I do if I were him?
If I were Sai Itoshi,
how would I want to play?
What kind of goal would I want?
What would I most desire from this moment?
He's still dribbling the ball.
Inside, outside.
A shot?
Wait, it's not!
Another cross to Shido!?
So he decided to pass it.
Plus, he perfectly calculated the spot
only Shido could reach and shoot from.
Now that Sai Itoshi's been unleashed,
what does he want to do?
I don't know.
I'm not sure.
At least, there's no one who can stop him.
This is the most beautiful spot.
Right, you poor excuse for a brother.
Whoa! He stopped it!
But in doing so, he took a kick to the face!
That's gotta be a yellow at least!
It was unintentional. It's Bluelock's possession.
Stupid daddy long lashes.
How are you feeling, Rin?
I'm fine.
That move...
You're my greatest nightmare.
...Rin Aino would never do that.
He's usually all about number one.
But in that moment, it was like he ran to that spot and sacrificed himself to protect the goal.
To shut down Sai Itoshi.
He changed his playstyle at the last moment.
Rin is incredible.
Each of us tried to enter the flow this time.
But he couldn't.
So the level of the game went way up.
Then, in response to that, Sai raised the bar again.
Which was the catalyst to awaken something in Rin.
And now, he's becoming someone who can kill Sai Itoshi.
Rin is still evolving.
Hey, you guys. Are you tired or something?
Don't get distracted.
Oh, crap!
One express train right through the middle.
All aboard!
A long pass?
Sorry, everyone.
No local stops.
Departing Reio Station from Seishiro Nagi Railway.
And heading for the goal.
So I'll meet you guys there.
Strikers!
If Rin can take out Sai, then my vision, combos, and everything else will change.
The landscape is shifting.
Starting with Rin.
Everything will be reborn.
Blue Lock still has space to grow.
Imagine it!
We'll find an attack only we can pull off.
The Trans-State Cycle is our weapon!
Did you call?
Egoist.
Make way for the monster.
I'm the last piece, righty-siggy?
Your timing's perfect.
Batsura!
Well, I'm not really doing this to support you.
I'm only here to score a goal for myself, okay?
Guess we're on the same page, then.
Go ahead and try it, monster!
Just stay out of my way, egoist.
Let's go.
This is our chance.
It ain't still behind us.
And Batsura's been added as an attack piece.
With this new formation, we'll awaken another Trans-Chain.
First, midfield.
Will you be able to keep up?
How many different attacking options does Blue Lock have?
Thanks to Batsura, that was the easy part.
The real challenge starts now!
Did you forget that the king is back?
Now you let your guard down.
I bet you thought you were safe because you were far from the goal.
I'm not gonna let you steal it, Clash King!
Screw you!
Would you idiots just knock it off?
Rayo worked hard to get the ball back.
This is our chance to counter.
Stop wasting time, donkeys.
What? Batsura?
I finally get another shot at this.
I'll give in completely to my impulses and let my feet dance.
Improv. Instinct.
I'll empty my mind and just play.
Follow the direction that makes my heart sing!
He's so fast! A feint? A turn?
A turn?
A nutmeg?
Wait, he lifted it?
Let's start with a bang-bang, finish with, and turn with the shrew.
Just stay on him, Nero! Press him!
Oh, it's beardy.
Clencher!
Okay, now!
And...zip.
And I'll spin-spin.
And nyeh-nyeh-nyeh!
What's this guy's deal? Is he a natural-born dribbler?
A feint got Rulax!
Megadu Batsura, weak pass!
Huh?
To think that Rulax still had an ace up their sleeve.
Yowse!
Batsura! Over here! Pass it!
Shut up, you NPCs!
Scissors and feints, huh?
You Wegoists are allergic to passing.
There's a 98% chance he'll try to dribble it.
So bring it on!
Huh? He's gonna shoot the ball from here?
Yeah, or so you thought.
Smash!
Monster lift!
What the hell is that technique?
Stop him, goalie!
I'm ready!
This is it. I put all my focus on overcoming my challenge.
My monster triad!
Boom.
This goal is...
Hey, Iku. Is this what you meant, right?
It's moments like this that fire up an ace, and they flip everything on its head.
So go rail against the world.
I knew you wouldn't give up.
Whoa! Your 20-star clears the ball at the goal line!
Now I'm starting to get pissed off.
Holy hell. They get that out?
Get up, Sendoh! Or are you only good for defending?
Quit yapping, Captain Jerk.
The surf player of the U-20s is me!
Get back, dummies! They're coming!
I'm not handing over my spot to some newbies from Blue-whatever-it's-called.
I'm gonna change and take Japanese soccer with me!
I don't care about clubbing.
I'm gonna take the Japanese soccer with me!
I don't care about grippy riddles anymore!
I'm gonna aim for the best in the world!
I swear!
I'm gonna marry a starlet from Hollywood!
Ha! I like where your head's at!
He truly is a medium.
Wow, Sendoh. You're so worldly.
All right! Show the world your true self, Commando Stiker!
Move!
Don't let the fire go out on your 20s!
Turn the tables!
Yeah, let's go!
We have to win this.
Blue Lock's fire is clearly feeding all of theirs.
Everyone's game is improving.
It's amazing that a single striker awakened a midfielder,
which in turn triggered the evolution of a defender,
and then pushed a goalie to ascend to the next level.
With this match, Japanese soccer will change.
And we're going to change it!
We'll stop him.
Don't just rush in, Yuki.
Sai Itoshi's looking to hit a decisive pass to Shido.
I see it. I'll intercept him.
So go press him, Karasu!
Your eyesores...be gone.
It's not to Shido?
You fools. I don't play favorites among strikers.
As long as they have a strong enough desire to score,
I'll grant them that chance.
Come on!
Fly through them!
Ready for a two-on-two?
Of course. Let's go.
Watch out!
They got past us with their heightened speed.
Did Sai Itoshi specifically pit them against us?
Kitsune, go for it!
Perfect!
Thanks!
Too slow!
Nice block!
Second ball!
Too slow.
I'm the star here.
It's mine!
I'm in my mi-era!
I'll hunt you down!
That's all I can say.
I'm the star here.
I'll hunt you down!
Seriously?
That was like the worst spot.
I won't let you!
I've got my eye on you, Sai Itoshi!
You've got a surprisingly good nose.
Selfish captain.
Too bad for you guys.
I just so happen to be a former striker.
I could move to the front line!
What the hell is he doing here?
Come on.
Shoot!
It's been fun.
But this is the end for you.
Blue Luch!
Impressive.
Can't believe you made it, Mr. Big League.
No.
Well, too bad for you guys.
I'm Mr. Big League's little brother.
I'm the Big League's little brother.
You're not going to make it.
Whoa!
What an amazing match!
The back and forth counter attacks.
They're fighting for their lives.
I can feel the heat from the field all the way up here.
I'm at a total loss for words.
And I'm sure you feel the same, Natsuki.
Who knew this match would be so good?
I can't believe my eyes.
Blue Luch is incredibly strong.
To meet them, the U20s are playing better than ever before.
It's a great shot.
It's as if a hero will be born on this very field!
Yeah, there are only five minutes on the clock.
This is a big chance for Japan's U-20s. Play resumes with their corner kick!
By aligning my thoughts with his, I can see and feel where the danger is, like before.
But as things stand, even if I manage to stop him, I won't be able to score a goal.
Is that what I want? No. I have to defend, otherwise we'll end up losing.
If they score again, it's game over.
Damn it. I'm the only one who can stop him. I have to do this by myself.
Read him. Feel him.
Feel him.
Find the spot he'll attack.
Right here, right now. I will surpass Sai Itoshi.
Watch out.
Block even if it kills you!
See it. Feel it. Surrounded in a sea of danger. The most beautiful spot he'd want to destroy.
It's right here! I'll clear it.
I have to reach it first!
This cross... It's perfectly placed so I'd miss it by a hair. Don't tell me...
It's for Shido!
Dragon... header!
It's over. After all that, I still can't win.
I'll get it.
I'm gonna get it.
He's the key.
Got him.
I am him!
With my reflex ability, my vision of the field and my intimate connection with Rin, I made it to the place only my eyes could see.
Rin's blind spot!
Second ball!
It's mine!
Don't you dare!
Whew!
You ready to wrap this game up, Lulac?
Nice! Good job, Hiyorin!
One point to win.
Go! One last counter!
Damn it. Stop getting in my way.
Are you telling me you won't even let me lose to him in peace?
I just want to fight alone.
But Isagi...
No.
Hey, Rin!
Rin!
Hiyorin!
Go, Rin!
Rin!
Somehow...
Blulac is keeping up with my play.
I'm... not alone?
What is this feeling?
It makes me want to puke.
I'll mangle you!
ubisu....
Here?!
Are you OK, kid?
Excuse me!
You're the security guards.
I won't take your money.
Let's see if it'll do the job.
Or not?
Okay.
Thank you.